README.md, before:

# Datagraviti: 
## A Data Marketplace based on Hyperledger Fabric
This repository contains the root repository of the data marketplace initiative.


TODO: give an overview of the data marketplace

## Architecture overview
TODO: insert a figure (overview of the architecture)
<img src="images/architecture.png" width="1000">

## Datagraviti detailed services

### Hyperledger Chaincode
...add description and link to chaincode repo

### Chaincode REST interface
... add description and link to chaincode rest

### File-based data delivery service
... add description and link to repo

### Stream-based data delivery service
... add description and link to repo

### Data marketplace Facade service
... add description and link to repo

### Web Portal service
... add description and link to repo

### CI/DC pipeline
... add description and link to repo

### Developer guide
Link to developer guide

### Contribution
To contribute, follow the guidelines in [Contribution guide](contribution-guide.md)

### Support
For any questions, suggestions, or issues, use Github.

### List of Contributors
Samir Tata, LG Electronics

Mohamed Mohamed, LG Electronics \
Gina Kang, LG Electronics \
Faisal Mohammad, LG Electronics \
James Hazen, LG Electronics


### License

Commit message:

Added links to new repos and license

README.md, after:

# Datagraviti: 
## A Data Marketplace based on Hyperledger Fabric
This repository contains the root repository of the data marketplace initiative.


TODO: give an overview of the data marketplace

## Architecture overview
TODO: insert a figure (overview of the architecture)
<img src="images/architecture.png" width="1000">

## Datagraviti detailed services

### Hyperledger Chaincode
...add description and link to chaincode repo
- [Data marketplace chaincode](https://github.com/lgsvl/data-marketplace-chaincode)

### Chaincode REST interface
... add description and link to chaincode rest
- [Data marketplace chaincode REST](https://github.com/lgsvl/data-marketplace-chaincode-rest)

### File-based data delivery service
... add description and link to repo
- [Data marketplace file delivery](https://github.com/lgsvl/data-marketplace-file-delivery)

### Stream-based data delivery service
... add description and link to repo
- [Data marketplace stream delivery](https://github.com/lgsvl/data-marketplace-stream-delivery)

### Data marketplace Facade service
... add description and link to repo
- [Data marketplace facade](https://github.com/lgsvl/data-marketplace-facade)

### Web Portal
... add description and link to repo
- [Data marketplace portal](https://github.com/lgsvl/data-marketplace-portal)

### CI/DC pipeline
... add description and link to repo
- [Data marketplace CI/CD pipeline](https://github.com/lgsvl/data-marketplace-pipeline)

### Contribution
To contribute, follow the guidelines in [Contribution guide](contribution-guide.md)

### Support
For any questions, suggestions, or issues, use Github.

### List of Contributors
Samir Tata, LG Electronics \
Mohamed Mohamed, LG Electronics \
Gina Kang, LG Electronics \
Faisal Mohammad, LG Electronics \
James Hazen, LG Electronics


### License
Copyright 2018, 2019 LG Electronics.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
